Feature: upper- or lowercase hexadecimal literals (#4903)
rust-lang/rustfmt: Configurations.md

See also: [`tab_spaces`](#tab_spaces).

## `hex_literal_case`

> Change the case of the letters in hexadecimal literal values
> 
> - **Default value**: `Ignore`
> - **Possible values**: `ToUpper`, `ToLower`
> - **Stable**: No

Reviewer: Couple minor things I'd like to tweak here. Let's adjust the text to reflect the fact that it can _set_ vs. implying it will change.

Instead of `Ignore`, we should use `Preserve` to be consistent with variants in our other configuration options, and then let's drop the `To` prefix on the other variants.

```suggestion
Control the case of the letters in hexadecimal literal values

- **Default value**: `Preserve`
- **Possible values**: `Upper`, `Lower`
- **Stable**: No
```
